ARROW-17377: [C++][Docs] Adds tutorial for basic Arrow, file access, compute, and datasets (#13859)
apache/arrow: docs/source/cpp/getting_started.rst

.. default-domain:: cpp
.. highlight:: cpp

Getting Started

> ===============

Author: I wanted to match what happens in the User's Guide, but it _is_ true that that's lacking detail. I'll make sure not to make the same mistake here, and make that intro.

> ===============

Author: Added in an intro -- how's it look?

.. default-domain:: cpp
.. highlight:: cpp

Getting Started
===============

.. toctree::

>    build_system

Author: I'll get this handled.

.. default-domain:: cpp
.. highlight:: cpp

Getting Started
===============

> The following articles exist to enable installation, use, and a basic understanding of Arrow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following articles demonstrate installation, use, and a basic understanding of Arrow.
These articles will get you setup quickly using Arrow and give you a taste of what the
library is capable of.
```

Specifically, it contains: an installation and linking guide; documentation of conventions used 
in the codebase and suggested for users; and tutorials, including: 

> * Using Arrow data structures 
> * Using Arrow's file I/O utilities 
> * Using Arrow's efficient computation tools 
> * Utilizing partitioned datasets with Arrow

Reviewer: I'm thinking the audience here is people who don't yet know much about Arrow, so we should be specific and not assume familiarity. (For example "Using Arrow data structure" -> "What data structures does arrow have?" -> "Building Arrow arrays and tabular structures".)

```suggestion
* Building Arrow arrays and tabular structures 
* Reading and writing Parquet, Arrow, and CSV files
* Executing compute kernels on arrays
* Reading and writing multi-file partitioned datasets
```
